there was an option there to skip this
little bit yeah complete this but you
don't have to approach a hill stand at
the back of any rock band don't hold it
down where you can hold it down so you
can just shoot you take me I was getting
to that stage I'll make you very you
were shitting me tho those are my good
nice picture it's ladies walking in on
him like getting changed engine room oh
yeah it's a lot scarier when you play in
this area just give it a few seconds oh
you just close that you can open look
from behind you have to look at it maybe
a lot back up into it that's cool Joe's
going to play with a gas mask on super
badass Jane into the door it's a tab
also save and quit does that say you bet
probably so you have to save and quit
whenever you want to say i dinnae i
think they were supposed to be checked
clients I swear when I played it for 10
seconds I got to a checkbook and that's
how I could load it it's not like turn
off or something over no although
actually i clicked seven crowns
how do you look in your inventory tab
you've got to the gas mask it gives you
a key German inventory well I don't like
it so stop it though in my not stop it's
gotta be like direct eye contact it's
not like wearing a pumpkin a Minecraft
makes it so much more scarier didn't
look the door you kick the toilet oh my
god friend every time she know they like
oh my gift you just blinked that crap
mitt good job you're going in the mail
see if you can open those doors see if
he's on the bog otherwise known as a
toilet oh my cuz you spin like a mother
he's like look if you open your eyes
yeah and you're looking at checkout the
Janus this is how it's gonna be
shut the hell up what was on your bed
for okay toilet safe no toilet roll Jay
you can't take the toilet roll you could
you can blindfold the thing it's not it
we need a better name for it than the
thing yeah we should give it a name says
less scary submit really friendly like
Jeremy minecraft oh yeah the walls no we
use Jeremy 20 that doors open mate he's
not even here where is he no he's doing
what he's never gonna get you Joe look
you won't be able to see me he's in
there oh he's there oh this front this
first but you just start screw it and
you didn't know you discharged in a lot
no valina
oh look at Joe's game face goes game
face on I think he thinks he doesn't
come here whoa don't do that Josh does
he this script it where he coming or not
i'm not sure i'm just gonna was that
here yeah why's that you want the reason
regaining what them I don't get it fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck freakin butt free or
which door which door nah you're gonna
blame run run you're gonna bring your
dad where's it got you I couldn't do
anything about that yeah hello CP guy